Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment. 

What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

    This assignment was challenging for me. I think that when I usually code I'm very focused on the output. I think about the project in terms of what should be accomplished at the end, and then I work backwards from there. This made this project a bit tricky for me since the desired output was a bit more vague and more focus was supposed to be placed on the thinking behind the process. I think what ended up happening was that I would begin to code, and since there was no clear output goal, I got discouraged and stressed. In the future I will try to be less concerned with the overall end-goal and focus more on working up to that end product. Another thing that made this hard was I did not seek help soon enough. I had it in my mind that I could complete this on my own, and struggling made me extremely discouraged. This meant that I procrastinated more than I wanted and got even more stressed than I should have. Going to an office hour session really helped me. Seeing my classmates struggling with similar things as me made me feel a lot less alone. It was also a good space to discuss different ideas and talk through the assignment. I would definetly reccommend for people to go to office hours/tutoring as soon as they feel like they're struggling to avoid this. Using Pseudocode was also something that really worked for me. I was a little skeptical at first since I usually code as I go with only the desired output in mind. The Pseudocode I made really helped me break down the process to something much more manageable, and I would definetly reccomend this to anyone who takes the course in the future. 
